docs: explain how to access room state for gitlab projects (#1016)
matrix-org/matrix-hookshot: docs/usage/room_configuration/gitlab_project.md

[^1]: `ignoreHooks` is no longer accepted for new state events. Use `enableHooks` to explicitly state all events you want to see.

> [^2]: To change room state, use Element on Desktop, open devtools by typing `/devtools` + enter in the chat box, and click on "Explore room state". Next, choose `uk.half-shot.matrix-hookshot.gitlab.repository`. You'll then be able to see and edit (if you have the required permissions) the settings by setting properties on the JSON object directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^2]: To change room state with Element Web/Desktop: open devtools by typing `/devtools` + enter in the chat box, and click on "Explore room state". Next, choose `uk.half-shot.matrix-hookshot.gitlab.repository`. You'll then be able to see and edit (if you have the required permissions) the settings by setting properties on the JSON object directly.
```
